fix(flutter/guides): Migrate guide re: location of `minSdkVersion` from `AndroidManifest` to `build.gradle` (#3088)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/start/getting-started/fragments/flutter/setup.md

Android Studio will open your project with a tab opened to *main.dart*

1. Modify your Podfile to target iOS platform 11.0 or higher.  Within your project open `ios/Podfile` and change the second line to be `platform :ios, '11.0'. 

> 2. Modify your build gradle to target minSDK 21 or higher.  Within your project open `android/app/build.gradle` and under 'defaultConfig', change the line starting with `minSdkVersion` to be `minSdkVersion 21`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Modify your build.gradle to target a minimum SDK level of 21 or higher.  Within your project open `android/app/build.gradle` and under 'defaultConfig', change the line starting with `minSdkVersion` to be `minSdkVersion 21`. 
```
